---
title: "Your guide to find AWS IoT for Automotive at CES 2023"
url: "https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/iot/your-guide-to-find-aws-iot-for-automotive-at-ces-2023/"
date: "Tue, 03 Jan 2023 20:45:43 +0000"
author: "Olivia Bias"
feed_url: "https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/iot/tag/aws-iot-fleetwise/feed/"
---
<h1>Overview</h1> 
<p>The <a href="https://www.ces.tech/">Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2023</a> will take place Jan 5-8 in Las Vegas, USA. CES is one of the most influential global technology events, covering nearly every aspect of the technology sector. You can find Amazon Web Services (AWS) alongside Amazon Smart Vehicles in the “Amazon for Automotive” exhibit to check out the newest vehicle technology and latest innovations from Amazon, AWS, and AWS Partners.</p> 
<p>You can find the Amazon for Automotive exhibit at booth #4001 in the West Hall of the Las Vegas Convention Center (LVCC) – that hall is entirely dedicated to <a href="https://www.ces.tech/topics/topics/vehicle-technology.aspx">Vehicle Technology</a>. Multiple AWS representatives will be on site to host informational meetings. If you’re looking to have a deeper discussion, you <a href="https://pages.awscloud.com/CES-2023.html">can request a meeting with AWS here</a>.</p> 
<h1>AWS IoT for Automotive demos</h1> 
<p>There will be many great demos on display at the Amazon for Automotive booth and throughout the event. If you want to learn about the latest from AWS IoT for Automotive and <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/iot-fleetwise/">AWS IoT FleetWise</a>, be sure to check out these demos:</p> 
<p><strong>Going from OBD to EVD – standardize EV data collection with AWS IoT FleetWise</strong></p> 
<p><strong><em>Amazon for Automotive | LVCC West Hall | Booth 4001</em></strong></p> 
<p>The On-Board Diagnostics (OBD) standard has helped automakers collect diagnostic data from internal combustion engine vehicles in a standardized way, but the same standards don’t exist for Electric Vehicle Data (EVD). EV manufacturers, suppliers, systems integrators, and charging infrastructure providers have proprietary and siloed data, making it difficult to continuously detect anomalies, predict remaining useful life, and improve range estimates.</p> 
<p>In this demo, you’ll learn how AWS IoT FleetWise enables standardized data collection that scales across fleets of EVs. To demonstrate one of the many use cases enabled by standardized EV data, we will walk you through how AWS IoT FleetWise can help collect and interpret battery cell-level data across a fleet of EVs, for the purposes of continuously monitoring EV battery health.</p> 
<p><strong>Enabling software-defined vehicles – accelerate vehicle software development with the cloud</strong></p> 
<p><em><strong>Amazon for Automotive | LVCC West Hall | Booth 4001</strong></em></p> 
<p>Automotive manufacturers and suppliers are dealing with complexities that arise from the use of traditional processes to develop software for modern, Software-Defined Vehicles (SDVs). Early and extensive testing utilizing the power of the cloud is the new paradigm that companies must adopt. It provides the agility to enhance the driver and passenger’s experience throughout the entire lifecycle of the vehicle.</p> 
<p>Environmental parity is the main prerequisite to make this vision possible. It allows developers to reproduce in the cloud an environment where an onboard workload could run, without noticing differences from its ultimate home within the vehicle. This demo showcases how a real automotive workload that connects to a Controller Area Network (CAN bus) using AWS IoT FleetWise can be developed in the cloud and deployed on an Arm-based vehicle component leveraging the <a href="https://www.soafee.io/">Scalable Open Architecture for Embedded Edge (SOAFEE) Framework</a>.</p> 
<p><strong>Digital customer experience – frictionless parts, service scheduling, and payments</strong></p> 
<p><em><strong>Amazon for Automotive | LVCC West Hall | Booth 4001</strong></em></p> 
<p>Build a direct and continuous brand relationship with vehicle owners while creating data-driven programs and campaigns that generate value and excite customers with personalized service experiences in and out of the vehicle, including predictive and pre-emptive maintenance notifications and scheduling.</p> 
<p>In this demo, you’ll see how ‘always-on’ customer relationships are enabled with Amazon, Salesforce, and Stripe for an entirely new customer lifecycle experience. Attendees will learn how Salesforce and AWS IoT FleetWise manage vehicle exception events with frictionless service scheduling and how to address customer needs during vehicle ownership, including purchase experience, accessorizing, part installation, maintenance, and repair.</p> 
<p><strong>Connected vehicles made easier with AWS and Automotive Grade Linux</strong></p> 
<p><em><strong>Automotive Grade Linux | LVCC West Hall | Booth 4141</strong></em></p> 
<p>Traditional methods of vehicle data collection and storage are unable to scale with the needs of modern automotive Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs). There is a demand for cost-effective solutions to remotely deploy vehicle software and collect near real-time data at scale for fleet management and autonomous driving use cases.</p> 
<p>This hands-on demo showcases how connected vehicle solutions with AWS and Automotive Grade Linux (AGL) help OEMs collect, transform, and transfer near real-time vehicle data to the cloud, including remote deployment and management. You will test drive a simulated vehicle and experience how AWS IoT FleetWise capabilities extend across various vehicle connectivity systems, including the NXP GoldBox and Renesas R-Car, while running an AGL distribution. You’ll also learn how AWS IoT FleetWise leverages custom event-driven campaigns and storage options to optimize costs for OEMs.</p> 
<p><strong>Integration of the neoVI Red 2 data logger with AWS IoT FleetWise</strong></p> 
<p><em><strong>Intrepid Control Systems | LVCC North Hall | Booth 3761</strong></em></p> 
<p><a href="https://intrepidcs.com/">Intrepid Control Systems</a> is excited to demonstrate the integration of AWS IoT FleetWise with Intrepid data loggers, enabling real-time data collection and analysis for automaker fleets. This powerful solution allows for improved efficiency and effectiveness in operations, resulting in cost savings and enhanced customer satisfaction. With the ability to wirelessly log data in a standalone fashion, Intrepid data loggers provide a comprehensive solution for automaker fleet management and analytics using the advanced capabilities of AWS IoT FleetWise.</p> 
<p><strong>How NXP is enabling intelligent connected EVs</strong></p> 
<p><em><strong>NXP | LVCC Central Plaza | Booth CP-18</strong></em></p> 
<p>This demo showcases how <a href="https://www.nxp.com/">NXP</a> provides end-to-end automotive processing platforms for intelligent connected vehicles from the battery and e-motor to the cloud. It integrates NXP’s battery management solution, traction inverter control, GreenBox real-time development platform, GoldBox vehicle networking reference design, and OrangeBox connectivity domain controller development platform. The S32G GoldBox includes the GoldVIP vehicle integration platform, which integrates AWS IoT Greengrass to support edge run-time and cloud services, AWS IoT SiteWise for cloud visualization of vehicle data, and AWS IoT FleetWise to intelligently collect electric vehicle data. With GoldVIP, NXP customers can immediately start using AWS cloud services out-of-the-box to rapidly prototype connected EV applications.</p> 
<h1>Conclusion</h1> 
<p>We hope you are as excited as we are to kick off the start of the new year at CES. Join us throughout the show to check out the latest in automotive from Amazon, AWS, and AWS Partners. Be sure to <a href="https://pages.awscloud.com/CES-2023.html">request a meeting</a> if you’d like to have a more in-depth discussion.</p> 
<p>See you soon in Las Vegas!</p>
